never know who's gonna show up around
here oh my goodness
[Applause]
it's
look everybody its Will Ferrell and
Julia Louie Dreyfus and you yeah okay
they all know who we are
right right didn't we didn't mean to
interrupt your show but we were in the
neighborhood and we just thought we
might pop over and interrupt your show
oh well that's great what were you doing
in the neighborhood Julia Louie and I
have a standing Thursday night date
where we meet at the Wetzel's pretzels
yeah and share all the hot Hollywood
Goss
yes did you happen to know that Xavier
ghosted Tiffany I did not know that who
are Xavier until the manager of Wetzel's
pretzels you say drop gosh sorry guys
thank you guys I appreciate you stopping
by while you're here that we're not
leaving
I really don't have time for a visit
right now oh really yeah but you had 12
minutes for the Chanukah source that was
on my call and it was the honor corn oh
yeah that's a lot better right you know
let's just keep it simple and maybe just
ask us some questions and we'll just
chat sure okay um are you doing anything
for the holidays what am i doing for
Valentine's Day great question that
wasn't my question really I'm not sure
Julia are you doing anything yeah
for next Valentine's Day Oh will do you
mean February 14th 2020 I have plans to
make love to my husband oh I have plans
to make love to your husband but
afterwards we're gonna go and see our
new movie downhill our new movie
downhill that comes out on Valentine's
Day since you asked Jimmy it's a
fighting comedy in which we play a
married couple who are forced to
reevaluate their lives and their
relationship after a close call with an
avalanche during a family ski vacation
in the Alps oh well that's that's
fantastic did you want to show a trailer
or something oh no no no we just want to
stand here and Yap all night thank you
what are you talking about of course we
want to show their trip
[Applause]
like this happy family stop please
look into the camera please they didn't
ski the Beast after lunch
I don't think it'll be that challenging
it'll be fine
is that okay yeah it's fine
it looked like it was gonna kill us for
a moment the kids were screaming because
it felt like we were gonna die hate and
I look over Kate and he had grabbed his
phone Kate left us nice I didn't leave
you to be buried yeah I ran to get help
[Music]
I love my family everyday as always how
can I run away and ski boots
what can you run on ski boots not very
well
exactly regardless I wouldn't leave my
family to die that's boom usual right to
be angry it's black and white
well no it's black and white how old are
you 30
oh there's only one thing I have to
worry about right now and that's going
down
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't understand why there weren't any
warnings posted anywhere there was a why
I posted a lift skulltulas hotel
receptions restaurants shops Boras
solutions toilets we didn't see any of
that well I'm not really a huge fan of
Will Ferrell movies oh I know exactly
what you mean and when does this movie
open Valentine oh thank you
Will Ferrell and Julia louis-dreyfus
[Applause]
thank you very much you see
Guillermo lock that door also while
they're sure
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all the money I make owes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you